Update SW & HW page (#737)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/software-version-hardware-version.mdx

(i.e. `smart-toaster` and `smart-oven`) and different board revisions of the
same device type (i.e. `smart-toaster-evt`, `smart-toaster-pvt`, etc.).

> By default, the Hardware Version of an individual Device is set during the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Hardware Version of an individual Device is set permanently during the first
```

  firmware, the firmware's Software Version is used to determine if a device
  requires an update.

### Versioning Schemes {#version-schemes}

> Human-readable and understandable software versions go a long way. It allows
> everyone involved in a project to quickly determine what build is running on a
> device, whether it is new or old, or if it is a a one-off build built by an
> engineer. On top of readability, a good versioning scheme allows trivial and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Human-readable and understandable software versions go a long way. It allows
everyone involved in a project to quickly determine whether a device's build is new, old, or a one-off build built by an
engineer. On top of readability, a good versioning scheme allows trivial and
```

For example, these versions are sorted from oldest to newest:

```plaintext
1.0.0rc1
1.0.0
1.0.1-dev
1.0.1-rc2
1.0.1
1.0.12
1.0.20
```

To implement a "release candidate" or "alpha/beta" versioning scheme, the
recommended option is to follow the SemVer 2.0 specification, for example:

```plaintext
1.0.0-alpha.1
1.0.0-alpha.2
```

Or:

```plaintext
1.0.0-rc.0
1.0.0-rc.1
```

Be cautious about more exotic versioning schemes! `natsort` will only handle the
common scenarios.

For example, the SemVer 2.0 spec permits appending build metadata to a version
number:

```plaintext
1.0.0+092ced197518c8e304232239315c611af6ff2404
```

But `natsort` will apply lexical ordering (under the default settings), which
may not result in the expected OTA response
([see _"Disable Version Checking"_](#ordering)).

For example, the following three software versions are in the correct order,
despite SemVer 2.0 declaring they are **equal**.

```plaintext
1.0.0+00000000
1.0.0+aaaaaaaa
1.0.0+ffffffff
```

### Testing the Ordering {#testing}

It is imperative to understand how your Software Versions will be ordered by
Memfault's OTA system.

To test version ordering locally, install

> [Natsort](https://pypi.org/project/natsort/) and create a simple Python script

Reviewer: I greatly prefer the example using the `natsort` command line utility vs. creating a script like this; IMO the intersection of users needing this, and the relative confusion/complexity between the 2 variants, makes it OK (and simpler).
